she wanted to steal the pen but she was
very scared
a small camera resembling a fly was
looking at her the machine began to
analyze
her eyes widened her palms were sweating
her breathing became unusually fast
this was the physiological response of
people who wanted to do something bad in
order to avoid surveillance
the girl pretended to be calm she dried
the sweat from her hands
then she put her hand on the table the
distance from her hand to the teacher's
fingerprint pen was only three
centimeters
now she took the teacher's pen and put
it in her pocket
the monitor began to analyze but this
time it did not detect her
the girl's first crime was successful
this was the technology of the future
to prevent humans from committing crimes
scientists had invented flying cameras
which monitor your every movement in 24
hours
so in three years the omniscient had
only had one violation
the girl was nina she had to take that
pen because her father was killed
yesterday
when the police came to investigate they
convicted her father committed suicide
the mayor had paid attention to this
case the mayor's assistant also
pretended to comfort her
we will do our best we will definitely
find the culprit
but all of this did not make nina feel
better she collapsed and was very
indignant
she found the management of the
omniscient she hoped to be able to see
her father's surveillance
which perhaps captured the killer but
the management refused
surveillance content of the company was
confidential no one was allowed to see
it
she was very angry with this
cold-blooded manager her pupils widened
her blood pressure soared
her breathing was pounding the mini
monitor fully analyzed her mood
she looked at the sculpture beside her
then pushed it the surveillance machine
recorded her committing vandalism
immediately afterwards on the big screen
of the omniscient
all the girl's information was
immediately announced she was fined
twelve thousand dollars i don't have
that much money rules are rules
next time don't sin anymore she was very
desperate
suddenly she noticed the surveillance
machine flying beside her
she decided to capture the company's
secure archives against the city and saw
who killed her father
but if she wanted to get into the system
of the omniscient she needed to have
fingerprints of senior management
her teacher was a member of the
management board so when he didn't
notice she stole his pen
then she used the fingerprint reader to
printed the teacher's fingerprint
when she had a fingerprint the only
problem was the monitoring machine
the next day at school the teacher
mentioned the weak point of the monitor
just being disturbed by a strong
magnetic field the monitor would be
disabled
when the monitor was disabled the
department generates a new monitors to
continue monitoring that target
the time for the two monitoring machines
to exchange was four minutes
so where were magnetic fields nina
immediately thought of a wonderful place
she looked at the high voltage electric
tubes in front of her
used the cane to pick up the electric
tubes and got inside
at that time the surveillance machine
was immediately harassed by electronics
and disabled
the new surveillance machine was
immediately dispatched flying around in
search of nina's silhouette
in four minutes nina had to complete a
crime because the elevator had a camera
motherboard security of the surveillance
system at this moment
she hesitated if this time she was
arrested not only would she be fined but
also imprisoned
at the same time nina's surveillance
machine was searching for her figure
nina decided to give up stealing and
left the monitoring room
at this point the boss reappeared he
took nina to his office and said to her
your father was dead just go home and
stay there the boss ignored her
nina was very angry but could not do
anything she was too kind
the next day she ran up to the roof and
walked towards the voltage tube
she picked up the cane hid herself
inside and disabled the monitor
then she ran downstairs she walked
towards the surveillance room
took out her fingerprints took out the
security motherboard
when she left she smiled to greet
passersby she was now very familiar with
this task
the security motherboard was encrypted
required a special device to unlock it
nina used her knowledge of physics and
science to create a device to open it
in a state of 24-hour surveillance she
had to think about how to install the
device on a secure motherboard
she discovered a weak point again the
monitor reacted to strong light
she covered her eyes with the silk scarf
turned off the table lamp
turned on the extremely bright led the
monitor swayed
with the support of lights nina was
successful motherboard had been broken
she was about to find the killer who
killed her father she needed a data
transmitter
the transmitter backed up the contents
of the security motherboard
this step was very difficult because the
data transmitter was locked in the
omniscience database
only an administrator could open it she
did not know the administrator so what
should she do
yesterday when she met a repairman nina
discovered something
when drilling a wall with an electric
drill the system would consider its
sabotage
but if you repeated this action many
times the monitor would analyze it into
working behavior
seeing this scene nina smiled she took
out an electric drill and drilled it on
the living room wall
she drilled a lot of holes after that
she went to the omniscience database
department
she took out the electric drill then she
even mocked the surveillance machine
i love to drill the wall she drilled
into the data vault
the surveillance machine saw it but it
identified it as a working behavior
not a crime she finished drilling she
took out the data transmitter
she was about to know the truth of
everything she put everything together
then plugged the transmitter into the tv
she wanted to know who killed her father
she saw her father was walking over to
the laundry room holding the clothes
suddenly a gunshot sounded her father
fell this was not suicide at all
the killer was a man she had never met
she uploaded the image of that person to
the system
he did not live in the omniscient it
turned out that the omniscient system
was not available everywhere
the people living in the omniscient were
very safe but are under surveillance at
all times
people living outside of the omniscient
were unattended but were always in
danger
nina decided to go outside the
omniscient to find the truth
she found the culprit he did not panic
he was a professional assassin
he could sneak into the omniscient and
then killed the person who was ordered
after forcing him to tell everything
nina finally knew who killed her father
nina entered the restaurant she pulled
out her chair and sat down
why did you kill my father the killer
was the mayor's assistant
she sat down and drank wine because his
daughter was you
turns out she was always secretly
watching nina she knew she was very
intelligent and brave
she hired someone to kill her father to
force her out nina thought she had
dodged the surveillance
but she did not know that the assistant
knew all her actions
she used nina's talents to learn how to
avoid surveillance
when nina went to the suburbs looking
for the culprit she stole the security
motherboard
now she could control the city of the
omniscient nina was extremely angry
she gripped the knife tightly wanted to
stab this woman but if she did
she would be judged a crime by the
surveillance machine
nina protested it is your last meal the
first season of the omniscient is over
how will nina take revenge it will take
place in the next season